Talk to us, people, beauty. Let's go for more.
a video of the android lighthouse with the session
worth downloading where once per
week bringing nobody here free
for us to do a gameplay a review
and to know why it's really worth it
download this game and the game I bring today
brothers in arms, three sons of the
launch time war and fresh loft
left now December 18 simultaneously
both for
windows phone and android also going
be knowing by remembering visit the site
from our ford partners.com.au
technology speak in Portuguese to
you who likes related subjects
to android technology and everything else and let's
It matters to us that we are going to know this
Super game that 's really cool, I
recommend go carton wheel
the game that I bring today and already puts it
among the main launches of 2014
is the launch of gameloft now for
end of the year free in the frank style
that is, you have purchases within the
game but I'm here in Chapter 3
So far I have not had any problems in
relation to the advance in the game that
to make certain purchases for
advance
so I believe you will succeed
play normally without having to invest
real money in the game
the game is set in the second war
world after the attack on Normandy is a
of the third person style with auto
protection, or whenever you
approach your character next few
vine he has self protects but
you have the freedom to make the
movements with him even leaving
I was pleased by this freedom.
quite a bit different from those
globe games where you do not command
character you just command the shot and
He's going alone in this game, not you.
has full freedom to do so
moving your character and is
The frantic shooting phases are medium
around five minutes in the beginning one
phase for learning just a little
shorter but as you go
advancing in the game these make
little longer and more challenging
are various types of missions such as missions
of attacks or omissions you have to
stand as snip or even phase you
need to have stealthy sachs actions pass
totally unnoticed what it is
interesting is cool is that you
with a battle partner is a
soldier you are also performing the
pilates on it improvements and you have a
list of soldiers that you can be
choosing there to accompany you
during missions
I have the strong point of the game.
quote the chart that I think is right
cool it does not have a configuration on
game for me it's getting better or worse
graphic this is already automatic
depending on your phone's hardware
I'm using here some on phone 51
mid-level cell phone graphic
It's very cool, I believe that one
with the best hardware you will
have more effects mainly than
particles with mass everything else
Another thing that pleased me a great deal is the
freedom of movement of character
although the game is not open-world
but that he has some maps there that
allow you to scan in a
I like this freedom and the
gameplay that at first I confess that
take a little bit but after a few ten
you will adapt to it
It is simple and easy to play and a
another thing I need to highlight the option
to play offline, this is cool
mainly there you are playing
routes without an internet connection
I did not like the game although he
have a chat option that does not have the
Then multiplayer version you will play
on the whole campaign part by the
least until the gameloft brings some
update that allows the option
multiplayer for now is solo game is
a very cool bath game guaranteed there
several hours of fun I recommend and
worth downloading yes
well if you like watching the game
set in Second War I believe
you will like brothers in arms
I hope you like my recommendation.
remembering are three weekly videos here
in the channel where once a week I
I bring a free release for you
to know
Do not forget, let me sign you in.
channel if you are not already registered
stay in the news
game releases and everything
related to the android world
I'm going to stay here, a hug stays with
God and see you next time.